DUE TODAY : 

Here are the assignment that need done by 48 hour. I would also want to know the price for this assignment. 

Question 1:  Write a program to calculate a dog’s age comparing to that of human. For the first two years, a dog year is equal to 10.5 human years. After that, each dog year equal to 4 human years

To write the program

1.       Record your name, class number, and date of creation.

2.       Accept users’ input prompting a message similar to “Input your dog’s age in human years”
If a user enter less than 0 for the dog’s age, print out a message that leads the user reenter their dog’s age.

3.       Use if-elif-else structure (or if-else) to calculate the dog’s age in first two years and after 2 years, using the formula below:
the dog age in the first two years = human age * 10.5
After the first two years, dog age = 21 + (human age – 2 ) * 4

4.       Print a message similar to “Your dog’s age in dog year is” and tell the users their dog’s age

 

When you have completed the program, run the program and capture and paste the output below:

Paste code and the captured output here:

 

 

 

 

 

Question 2  Create a program that calculates the body mass index (BMI). BMI is calculated as a person’s weights (in pounds) times 720, divided by the square of the person’s height (in inches). To create the program:

1.       Record your first and last name, class number, and date of creation

2.       Accept information from users about how tall he/she is (in inches)

3.       Accept information from users about his/her weight (in pounds)

4.       Calculate BMI with the formula: bmi = (weight * 720.0) / height**2

5.       Use function and if statement that calculates the BMI and returns the weight status

6.       If a BMI ranges between 19 – 25, print out his/her BMI and a message similar to “You are healthy”, 
if a BMI is below 19, print out a his/her BMI along with a message similar to “You need to eat more”, 
if a BMI is over 25, print out his/her BMI with a message similar to “Let’s work out and be healthy.”

 

When you have completed the program, run the program and capture and paste the output below:

Paste code and the captured output here:

 

Question 3 Write a function called city_state() that accepts the name of a city and its state. The function should print a simple sentence, which is “Milwaukee is in Wisconsin.” Give the parameter for the state a default value. Call your function for three different cities.

When you have completed the program, run the program and capture and paste the output below:

Paste code and the captured output screen here  

 



Question 4:  Write a program that includes a class called ‘restaurant’ and at least three attributes of a restaurant.

To write the program:

1.       Create a module named h05_restaurant_class.py

2.       Record class, your first and last name, date of creation.

3.       The __init__() method for restaurant should store two attributes: a) restaurant_name and b) restaurant_type.

4.       Make a method called describe_restaurant() that prints these two pieces of information and a method called open_restaurant() that prints a message indicating that the restaurant is open

5.       Create at least three different instances from your class.

6.       Print the two attributes individually and then call both methods for each instance.

When you have completed the program, run the program and capture and paste the output below:

Paste the code and captured output here 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Question 5 Create a program that deals with cafes. A cafe is a specific type of restaurant. Thus, this new class needs to inherit from restaurant class you wrote in question 1.

To create the program:

1.       Create a module named h05_cafe_class.py.
*Tip: You can “save as” h05_resturant_class.py to h05_cafe_class.py to copy all code in the original file.

2.       Record class, your first and last name, date of creation.

3.       Write a class called cafe that inherits from the restaurant class you wrote in Q1.

4.       Add an attribute called menu that stores a list of food and/or beverage products.

5.       Write a method that displays these products.

6.       Create two instances with menu and call this method

 

When you have completed the program, run the program and capture and paste the output below:

Paste the code and the captured output here